General Notes About the tests and the current state of the program

The program is not currently runnable. Most of the back end however works. Meaning that the implemented methods for merge, push,
and pull and the structure for the revisions and meta data are all solid. There are a few little bugs in there but overall
it's working relatively well. The program doesn't work due to the frontend currently not working. Meaning our parser and
operations(general control) modules are not currently functional. 

In terms of runnable tests, the test files for the revision history, file_system, and general_utility modules all should run. 
There are a few small issues there that due to the time constraints we weren't able to flush out. But it mostly works. The Cumulative Tests
file will definitely not run. The parser and operations test file essentially contains no relevantly programed tests so far. Most 
of them are trivial but they require some amount of knowledge of how the methods are implemented in order to stub the responses.
Since the methods aren't working at the moment, I dind't program the tests out.

-------------------Updated Dec 16, 2019---------------------
Beta Test Summary:

Post83:
        Clone does not work
        Add directory recursively
        Remove a file that is not tracked
        Remove file when no file specified will through an exception
        Cannot commit  when a file is removed from the working tree
        Catch all exceptions and print appropriate message(See the report)
        Status doesn't show addition and removal of a file
        Push/pull does not work

Post80:
        add -> remove -> add the same file will show "Added the same file XXX"
        remove a file that is not added will show "command succeeds"
        status will show "no implicit conversion of Array into String"
        log will print strange "he"

Post79:
        commit gives some interesting output when re-committing a file that has been both previously committed (unchanged since then), and then removed
        'cat' gives "no implicit conversion of nil into String"
        Command to use dvcs is really long

Post76:
        Doesn’t show the list of files that are tracked, changed, untracked(related to Post83)
        ‘Heads’ doesn’t change as ‘Log’ doesn’t show the updated list after checkout

Post75:
        Some prints are not displayed correctly("\n")
        Commit without changes will show weird message
        add -> remove will still commit successfully

        See followups for detailed test cases

-------------------Updated Dec 8, 2019---------------------
The parser_module.rb is the entry point of the program
The parser_module.rb function and argument specifications:

init: 0 argument
	Init a new repo at the current working dir
clone: 1 argument: path
	Clone takes in path and clone the repo at the path to current working dir
add: 1 argument: path
	add file at path to repo
remove: 1 argument: path
	remove file at path from repo
status: 0 argument
	print the status of the repo
heads: 0 argument
	print the current head of the repo
diff: 2 arguments: path1, path2
	diff 2 files from path1 and path2
cat: 2 arguments: path, rev_number
	cat file at path of certain rev_number
checkout: 1 argument: commitId
	checkout the current repo to commitId
commit: 1 argument or 0
	optionally give commit message
log: 0 argument
	print log of current repo
pull: 1 argument: path
	pull from repository at given path
push: 1 argument: path
	push to repository at given path
	
